Added description of radix batch events. Updated job swagger (#247)
equinor/radix-public-site: public-site/docs/src/references/reference-radix-config/index.md

        webhook: http://api:8080/monitor-batch-status
```

> `webhook` is an optional URL to the Radix application component or job component, which will be called when any of this job-component running job or batch states are changed. Only changes are sent by POST method with a `application/json` `ContentType` in a [batch event format](../../guides/jobs/#get-a-state-of-a-batch).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`webhook` is an optional URL to the Radix application component or job component which will be called when any of the job-component's running jobs or batches changes states. Only changes are sent by POST method with a `application/json` `ContentType` in a [batch event format](../../guides/jobs/#get-a-state-of-a-batch).
```
